I"€<p>It has been an absolutely amazing year for ReproducibiliTea. 
Starting with only a handful of journal clubs at the beginning of 2019, we now count 53 different constituent journal clubs in 17 diverse countries around the world. This has brought with it new opportunities and also new challenges. 
A stellar group of core ReproducibiliTeam members, who volunteer their time to keep ReproducibiliTea running, have taken it in their stride to build a functioning website and workflow that accommodates our rise in numbers, to offer support through our Slack community, to publish blog posts and to continually learn more about the unique challenges journal clubs face and how we can help tackle them.</p>

<p>There are many great initiatives waiting to be launched through the ReproducibiliTea network in 2020, but I will take this short post to reflect on the financial support we have received this year. 
Our evident success in the last year has been crucially supported by the UK Reproducibility Network (UKRN) who help publicise our work to communities that we cannot regularly reach (funders, journal editors, university administrators, libraries) and also support our work with generous financial funding. For this, we are truly thankful.</p>

<p>To provide transparency about our organisational setup, I will detail the types of funding we have received and what they are being used for. 
The nature and amount of this funding were negotiated with UKRN at the end of October 2019 to match both the goals of the UKRN organisation and ReproducibiliTea. 
Firstly to promote our organisation online we received Â£88 to buy our domain name for 3 years, and to promote ReproducibiliTea internationally we received Â£283 to buy our beloved Hexstickers that I send out to new journal clubs on a regular basis. 
As UKRN is committed to fostering open science in the UK specifically, we also received Â£1,500 to continue our UK starter pack initiative: where UKRN sends a box of goodies, a teapot and stickers to any new UK based ReproducibiliTea journal club. 
We are also hoping to organise an event next year to bring together ReproducibiliTea organisers in one place, for which we were given Â£800 of funding. 
This will only be received if other funding applications are successful and a dedicated group have been fundraising for the event in the last months. 
Lastly, we received Â£590 to further promote and produce the ReproducibiliTea podcast, which highlights ECR issues and allows us to reach those who cannot start a journal club at their institutions.</p>

<p>In 2020 we will focus on how we can support and promote the very diverse range of journal clubs around the world, and ensure that the organisers are supported as much as possible. 
To do so we are hoping to obtain more funding both in the UK and internationally. Looking back 2019 has been hugely productive, and we are truly excited about what the new year will bring for ReproducibiliTea.</p>

<p><em>Amy Orben is a member of the ReproducibiliTeam and a college research fellow at the University of Cambridge. She is responsible for high-level organisation of ReproducibiliTea journal clubs and liaising with the UKRN</em></p>
:ET